Meet Mercer: Securities and Insurance Litigation”
Tab: Estate & Asset Planning

The experience and expertise of seasoned finance, legal, and tax professionals are brought to bear, for every Case and Client.
“We’ll examine what you currently have in place, then explain exactly where you stand and what your options are.”
“Clients often bring in what I’ve come to know, as a “one-size-fits-none” Last Will and Testament, thinking they’re covered, but they’re grossly exposed, both financially, and legally.”
“It’s amazing to me how many clients were never explained what a single document in the 150 pg. plan they purchased for thousands of dollars does, or who needs it, and when.”
“An estate planning attorney lacking a finance background is like a mechanic who only understands one part of your car.” “It’s never too early or late, to plan.”


In addition to being a member of the Florida Bar, within the past 23 years, Attorney Mercer has held SIX Professional licenses and designations in securities, insurance, and real estate.
From Securities and Derivatives Trading, to TIC Funds and Annuities, Atty. Mercer’s experience on both sides of the desk, is invaluable.”

Atty. Mercer’s quotes in different educational presentations to high-revenue sma;; business owners and those who sustained losses from poor financial advice.
“What’s amazing to me, is how financially diverse my clients are, yet all are sold the same financial products.”
“The old proverbs still ring true… don’t put all your eggs in one basket, get a second opinion, and if it sounds too good to be true — you’re in a scaminar.”
“Why would an industry that asks us to trust them with our life’s savings, have a problem being held to a Fiduciary standard? — In response to the SEC’s recent consideration whether to hold all Financial Professionals / Banking Industry to a Fiduciary Standard.
“Sadly enough, the ‘that’s the way we’ve always done it’ attitude, is how mistreatment of customers is justified by hacks — squeezing the same financial product, solution, and approach down every client’s throat is the only thing they’ve been trained how to do.”
“My favorite scaminar shenanigan I’ve seen, to date was the sales guy trumped up his Yale degree, which was actually in music, not finance.” Pathetic…

Social media: Instagram, Linkedin, twitter ...

Contact:
Barton Mercer
Address: 1065 W Morse Blvd Suite 202, Winter Park, FL 32789
Hours: 9am to 5:30pm
Phone: (833) 694-8273